the whistle sounds the port is playing the center
fields and in front of the neck before and in debt and pavel
nasim look then you happen
long shot ra can pass no offside
will score no no drives
not bad turns out the right flank of the second
the number is hung by the center is completely one player
Butts beats off well in front of you
give finish oh damn the Brazilian national team
noted his ninth issue is on its way
defenders enter but knocked out somehow
awkwardly quite and abu khafs and although
niyazov debt somewhere on the weight of debt
fights goalkeepers simonyan rotar
knocks you can try to punch but
how all that was presumptuous was the canopy
near post here is a defender
god first on the ball and flies the ball in
port gate
and go through the minutes for 15 people no
live stream continues with small
sports arena stadium Petrovsky where
match youth league uefa
Zenit takes the Porto Football Club
rather, the youth composition should be submitted
at the far post and moreover straight
kick from corner implements clogs
port players and compare the score literally
two minutes after the start of the
halftime port players tried to cheat
canopy follows her goalkeeper players bad
scoring on even trying to hammer the bank
should be the transfer of the head oh assists
transfer of protection writes to his account
tea which our head he scored than for
world and valera it is unclear we have one
one can learn and Sabine offside
they just injected to less the ball brings
and less against the defender with his gaze
practically beats haji niyazov
came no violations no